START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL CIML LICENSE

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the CIML mission of promoting the free distribution of "A
Course in Machine Learning" (henceforth CIML), by using this work (or
any other work associated in any way with the phrase "CIML"), you
agree to comply with all the terms of the Full CIML License available
with this file or online at ciml.info/LICENSE.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing CIML electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this CIML electronic work, you
indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the
terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright)
agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this
agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of
CIML electronic works in your possession. If you paid a fee for
obtaining a copy of or access to a CIML electronic work and you do not
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a
refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee.

1.B. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other CIML work. We make no representations concerning the copyright
status of any work in any country outside the United States.

1.C.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full CIML License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a CIML work (any work on which the phrase "CIML"
or "A Course in Machine Learning" appears) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This book is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
  almost no restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it or re-use it
  under the terms of the CIML License online at ciml.info/LICENSE.
  You may not redistribute it yourself, but are encouraged to provide
  a link to the CIML web page for others to download for free.  You
  may not charge a fee for printed versions, though you can print it
  for your own use.

1.C.2. Your use and distribution of CIML must comply with both
paragraphs 1.C.1 through 1.C.6.

1.C.3. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full CIML License terms
from this work, or any files containing a part of this work or any
other work associated with CIML.

1.C.4. Do not copy, display or perform this electronic work, or any
part of this electronic work, without prominently displaying the
sentence set forth in paragraph 1.C.1 with active links or immediate
access to the full terms of the CIML License.

1.C.5. You may NOT convert or distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form.

1.C.6. You may NOT charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any CIML works.

1.D.

1.D.1. Despite our efforts, CIML electronic works, and the medium on
which they may be stored, may contain "Defects," such as, but not
limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription
errors, a copyright or other intellectual property infringement, a
defective or damaged disk or other medium, a computer virus, or
computer codes that damage or cannot be read by your equipment.

1.D.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.D.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, CIML disclaims all liability to
you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees. YOU AGREE
THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, BREACH OF
WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH
1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY
DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL,
DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN
IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

1.D.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.D.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.D.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.D.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.D.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold CIML, the trademark
owner, any agent or employee of CIML, anyone providing copies of CIML
electronic works in accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers
associated with the production, promotion and distribution of CIML
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any CIML work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or
deletions to any CIML work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
